What is ballpark?
Rough estimate.
Stacey. shut your mouth already.
Don't yell at her.
Don't tell me what to do.
Yoni. turn down your stupid game.
So why do you ask me if you already know?
Get the dog out.
Take her on a walk.
Go on a walk.
Oh. come on. Shut your mouth.
I think he's going to puke.
Relax. he'll be fine.
I thought you said this guy made
his money in blenders?
The Nutribullet.
Oh. I love my Nutribullet.
Plane.
Uncle. this isn't what it looks like.
You little shit. I've been so
good to you and your mom.
Toss your phone.
Don't even think about it you
son of a bitch!
I told him-
this was a bad idea.
You lying sack of shit!
You had the key!
Get off!
Hurry up and throw the book
you son of a bitch.
You stupid fucker.
Benny. go grab the air horn.
You motherfucker!
You asshole!
You shit!
You son of a bitch!
You dick!
Who do you think you are. huh?!
I thought you were my brother. you asshole!
You walk in here and steal from me?!
You asshole!
Huh?!
What do you think you're doing?!
Bring the horn!
Blow the fucking air horn!
Come here. my love!
How did you get out?
No way. it'll scare the dog.
Come on you moron. you pussy!
Bad juju to steal a holocaust watch.
Obviously man. it's the right thing
to do. brother.
Uri. wait one second.
Listen for a sec.
-No. Uri. stop.
-Bro. please listen.
Uri. stop. I'm begging you!